ROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ANGELONE Bangalore(Remote) Software Development Engineer 2(Frontend) May 2024 - Present ● Enhanced Core Web Vitals for MTF and Stock Pledge modules, elevating FCP, LCP, and CRP by 41% reducing document API size through optimized code and image compression techniques. ● Conceptualized and constructed a trading analytics platform utilized by 190K+ monthly active users, platform enabled analysis of F&O, intraday, and delivery trades via interactive charts and advanced filters. ● Delivered interactive real-time chat features in live trading with a custom-built rich text editor with emoji support, pinned messages, and live polling — enhancing user communication and engagement. ● Launched a customizable survey platform with conditional flows and progress tracking, used by 220K+ users monthly across multi-page, internally configured forms. ● Led Svelte 5 migration for 10+ modules, resolving compatibility issues, conducting load testing, and successfully deploying to production. INNOVACCER ANALYTICS PVT. LTD. Noida, India Software Development Engineer 2(Frontend) Dec 2021 - May 2024 ● Led the development of a premium campaign tool, Patient Relations Management (PRM), for 2 clients with the help of two engineers by using React.js, Redux, and Node.js to successfully deliver the project end-to-end within 6 months. ● Built Smart Assist using OpenAI APIs, allowing real-time AI-powered content rewrites and tone adjustment in communication workflows — increasing user engagement by 18%. ● Mentored 2 new software developers, offering comprehensive mentoring through code walkthroughs, front-end concepts, code reviews, task organization, task delivery, and unit testing. ● Modernized 4 web apps by migrating to a micro frontend architecture, improving scalability and monitoring performance using Grafana, ArgoCD, and JMeter. ● Established a shared component library (Commons repo) with 20+ reusable components and utilities, reducing duplicate effort and standardizing frontend development across teams.. INTERNSHALA Gurugram, India Software Developer Sep 2020 - Nov 2021 ● Developed the Job Oriented Specialization(JOS) product, contributing 5% monthly revenue. ● Enhanced UI/UX and increased enrollment rates by 22.56% by migrating enrollment platform pages from AngularJS to React JS. ● Boosted social shares of training completion certificates from 30.55% to 45.62%. ● Liaised between two teams to deliver the project ahead of schedule.
SKILLS
● Frontend Skills: Javascript, ReactJS, Redux, React Hooks, Svelte, HTML/CSS, Webpack, NodeJS, Enzyme, Gulp, React Testing Library, Jest, Express.js. ● Other Skills: LESS, AJAX, DOM, REST, CICD, Git, APIs, Bootstrap, JSON, PHP, Django, Python, Data Structures & Algorithms.